Hello, my supporters and lovers of women: Here in Biody Bay, the worst thing has come
Disgust
The most hated man on the internet this guy has
He guessed how much respect he had for women. This is true. Zero has no respect for women
And his vision is painful, I do not want to show you it
Because it is painful, I feel it is my duty, it is my duty to show you this man ... this .... get up ....
We must ban this man, damn his rights to speak
This man must be destroyed, I am with the right to speak freely. But, whenever people have a dissenting opinion
I think they should be banned, screened and placed in Newcastle Prison. Janice Couron Mick
Look at this guy, maybe it sounds nice, or maybe it looks a little cheerful
It may seem like your uncle or your uncle. But, this guy .. no ... his opinions .....
His opinions .... - Now direct from Warsaw from Poland in the morning, welcome sir
Can you please explain to people in Britain?
Why do you think women should encode less than men because they are weaker, younger and less intelligent?
-What?
- I am sorry you are lying. I have never said that a woman should pay her less ..
- I love his tone so much. It's so much beautiful, it makes it a ten times better goddess
- I said this just because they shorten .... they
They are weaker, they are less intelligent. They are less serious and so on ... they get less money
After all, male men get less than men long.
The blondes get less than the brunettes, they are different and the difference is that they should not be equal
That's it. - Are you saying that women are not shorter than men? I am sorry for your boycott.
- Are you saying that women are not shorter than men? What a crazy world we live in ...
From Polish: How is my wife? - Well, can you give me an example of how a short guy gets less than a long guy?
- Well, I do not defend this disrespectful woman. But there are studies
I do not know if the New York Times is a good source
But they have shown that male men get less money than men
And I think they also showed that bald guy gets less money than people who have hair, but I will not defend these men.
Well, I'm ready
To give words
- It is proven and verified that women earn less
Because they ... etc etc ... - I believe, I believe
- I did not say that you do not have to earn. I am a free marketing man.
- Let me ask you, do you personally believe
The woman is less ........ - This is the face that he does
It seems very disgusting ........... - Do you personally believe that women .....
- What this ........ - Do you understand that when you say this, you are precisely
Tell the world ........... Please let me complete, let me complete ...
Do you understand that when you say that International Women's Day, what exactly do you do?
Is that you show the world that you are
Sexy Pig. -Oh
That's true, Pierce. I get this disrespectful woman, makes me angry
- Sorry, why are not you interested in being a woman less and weaker than a man? So of course they are
Less intelligent at many points in IQ, - women .... Of course, they are less intelligent
Shameful, how could you say that you say something with this metaphor
- This is not the type, but please do not be Section 6
But if we need women, then yes ........... - Let me ask you a question, yes, if the woman is less intelligent
I will bribe you
When you say that women are less ........
- No, at least he says please, please look like a grasshopper
I have to talk, you reduce respect for women, God bless you, monk
Be quiet, you reduce respect for women, I want you to be calm
How could you say that women are less intelligent than men?
You are unreasonably stupid
Get him Pierce, you're so stupid
............................................
- I do not have this with you - yes, because you are stupid
- How can you say that women are less intelligent than men and you say things are stupid stupid
Yes, how do you say that and you say stupid things?
-Initially
....................
I love the way he says, it's really pretty
Initially
..............
............................
- You who say stupid things
You scientifically proved that what science is?
So you say stupid things, no good, he only shows that you are just a fool
- Revenge of revenge, - Not unbelievable science
And please do not mix, please do not mix, women less intelligent than men
But ... - I like this little bar that says women should pay less than men - but you lie
You lie, I did not say that women should earn less
- Now he
Now this is not important what he said, this, this is the truth ......... - Do you want to talk to him?
He thinks that women are less intelligent .................. - that he seems to give women the right to talk
Let my lady open her mouth and give you her opinion too, because you can, because I respect you as a woman
My name is not a personal end
Disputes ...........
I think you should take an exception for almost everything, you just said,
I find her very charming
Can I prove with your papers that you are a member of the European Parliament? What's right?
Yeah
I mean, no
What I do not understand is that I agree in the cases that women are physically weaker than men
But I do not understand how he can prove that woman
Shorter than men? For all your arguments are all nonsense
- This is the legs of Pierce, how long? The point is proven
Can you argue with numbers when you have one example?
All nonsense, sorry, you still believe in these ideas?
Forget it, it's like humor ........ Do you have a front wheel to talk about stereotypes?
- I have no idea, but it is very entertaining
- I believe that your own logo
About the festival about women resist a little. Give an exceptional Shi and your own life ..
Eight children by four women
- Apparently he has
- I seem to be stupid here ... - Arjok, stop, stop
Stop
Oh
I love that
- Intelligence, you see now how it works?
I think I am
I really saw, and I feel like I sat on the sidelines of two men
- They are sitting on the sidelines, I mean no
Do you think it's over? No, it's just starting out
- Let me say something, I never said that women should earn less
I just explain to this activist female idiot
Because they say, Oh, women earn less, why? So I explain why
If you are weaker ... you should earn less
The short man
-How much your height ?
- In English I do not know, but my length is 1.89 meters
- It looked like an Englishman to me
It is something exceptional to get someone less emotional
It's unreasonably weak, do you have a last message to women in the world?
It's World Women's Day, you can go straight to them, what do you like to say?
- My name is Jeff ............
- The first time he saw this was my reaction .. Or this guy was crazy
What does he say? How can he say these things?
It is definitely sexy, but the second time I saw it
He broke all his opinions and understood what he wanted to say and he tried to say it many times
He does not try to say that women should earn less, he tries to say they are ..
Because of these reasons and as I said
I do not know if there are numbers showing that women are in colloquial
Less intelligent than a man and if less intelligent, I will say what is the lesson?
I feel I am part of this in another corner of the conversation
It's fundamental that there is a gap between the two sexes because these reasons Percy Morgan says the gender gap
Disgusting, I say that there is no gap, it was a scandal several times now
I probably was not the right person to talk about this
But the gender gap is something that many people may have heard about that women in today's men are less typical
- The woman who works full work gets
At 79 cents on every dollar made by the average man
Certainly, no statement that makes these people can raise it on their own
It's too hard the universe is far away, and it is not
Case, the man becomes progressively on himself in different areas
The policy and what they did in the difference between the sexes is that they took the older men and the older women and made them an intermediary and they said
Oh yes
Women get less men than men,
Well pretty much anything at all like women working fewer hours
Women opting for less-paid jobs, etc., etc., now take these factors into account
Basically the gender gap comes out largely because men and women generally pay
Equal because it is governed by law you can not pay someone less money because of their sex
It's illegal
It was illegal for forty-five years if
Women were paid less than men and then why did everyone?
Companies just hire women you will have to pay them less for the same job
But this statement live because politicians like to want to promote them themselves people want to feel better by saying ah
Why do not people want to pass themselves on the back?
When you really do more harm than good by making such statements
Now basically what the guy was saying there is more than one pagan if you're shorter you get paid less if you're less intelligent
You're more likely to get paid less if you're fat for you
It is likely that you get less money all these different things all these different privileges that come down to them all
To license, let us pay
But here he desperately wants to show that he is a good man that he is irrational
He did not even like to listen to what he said several times I
I do not think women should get paid less than those I have never said that women should earn less
Said what like what three times you completely ignored because Pierce wanted so desperate to show
I stand for women so easy. Very easy to be like Oh
You are only red. You do not respect the woman you disgusting sex pig
Is it hard for you in Parliament to get this man from Parliament?
Let's get rid of everything else this guy thinks to him because it disgusting and disgusting what was the destination of this video absolutely nothing?
I would probably feel that I should drop this entire medium with harmony for a while
Wall Street makes another montage of all the stuff together let me talk the final thought closure on this video
If you are a female watching this I want you to know that you are not what the media or
Politicians or
People on Twitter are trying to tell you or even what I'm trying to say you're not weak
You are not less fortunate. you're strong. I think it's an unhealthy way to look at things
What happened to- I'm a woman who hears me roar?
It becomes. I'm a woman Oga
I earned less than men